>> Jen Kramer: So
welcome everyone to chapter 5.
We are flying through this material.
We've created our about
section of the webpage.
We've created the footer
Now we're working in the middle part of
the page, which is on our project section.
And on the website you'll see that we have
screenshots for how that should look,
I'm just giving one project.
But all the projects will
look similar to this.
So on mobile,
we've got our picture on the top.
Underneath we have our text,
it should be centered and
we have this series of tags
down here on the bottom.
Notice that we've been consistent
with this interesting rounded corner,
pointy corner thing that we're doing.
So our images have the rounded
corner on the top and
the pointy corners on
the other side of it.
We've kept that same kind of
feel into our tags, okay?
And we kept that into.
Look at this little white
background we have going on here.
So anytime you pick some sort
of little style like that,
we're gonna round our images, round
quarters here, pointy quarters there.
We're gonna continue that into some of
the other elements on the page too.
That's a good design principle.
And then after that, we're going to have
our projects and we're going to have
things next to each other, kind of similar
to what you saw with the bio section of
the website where we had the image on one
side and we had the text on the other.
So that is what we're starting with.
And you will be shocked to know
that the very first part of this
process is marking up
our things with HTML.
So let's take a look at
our beginning code pen.
>> Jen Kramer: Here we are.
We've got a series of items here
on the page that are part of our
project portfolio.
And once again, I have given you all of
the starting text here on the page, okay?
>> Jen Kramer: And your job is.
This is the same CSS
that we had here before.
Your job is going to be to
try to mark all of this up.
And so let's give you a little bit of
time to try marking all of this up.
See what you can do with that.
And I will go through
the answers here momentarily.
>> Jen Kramer: Welcome back, everyone.
Hopefully you were had a chance to try
a little bit of the markup here for
our projects.
And I am going to go through some
of that with you at this point.
We start off our project
section with an H2.
But because we're eventually going
to assemble this all into one page,
we have an H1 elsewhere on the page.
That was the name of our developer.
And so
this section would start with an H2.
Then the next part of that was the H3,
which happens to be the name
of each individual project.
So that should be an H3 to
keep our headings in order.
And then we, of course,
we have a paragraph.
For our different kinds of technologies
that we use to build each of
these projects.
There is an unordered list with each
one of those technologies inside of it.
We'll style those up to look
pretty in a little while, but
that's the kind of markup that
you're looking for for that.
And then there's the image here at
the end with the description on it.
So all of the other projects are going to
be similar to that in terms of their basic
markup.
Then let's go through how we're going to
mark these up a little bit further for
purposes of layout and so forth.
So first of all,
around each group of text.
So here we have an H3 and
a paragraph and our unordered list.
We are going to wrap a div
with a class of text.
And the purpose of this is just
to group together all of our text
into a single container for
layout purposes.
So that's why that's there.
We also have an article around each
one of these particular items,
because, again, each one of these
projects could potentially stand alone.
It's a self described web page.
That's the definition of an article.
So I've given that article with a class
of project, and that is going around
our div with a class of text and all
the markup inside of that, plus the image.
Then, once we have our series of articles.
Make this a little bigger.
Once we have our series of articles,
then we're going to put a div around
the whole thing and
I've given that a class of projects.
And that will be for layout purposes.
So we have individual projects
with a class of projects singular.
And we have a group of them together
with a class of projects plural.
All right.
I guess I missed one thing here, which
was, I put around the entire section here,
this element,
which is the main HTML element,
because this is the main focus of
the web pages, all of these projects.
So we have an article.
That is our about section.
We have a footer.
That's our footer.
And then this section is going to be
inside of the main element because
it's the main focus of the page.